Requirements

1. As a user I want to be able to search for a book by title or author.
2. As an administrator I want to be able to introduce books in the library.
3. As a user I want to be able to see the cover, first & last pages and two other preview pages of a book.
4. As an administrator I want be able to be authenticated and sure only I can do changes to the library.
5. As an administrator I want to be able to upload pictures of the books, cover, first & last pages and some preview.
6. As a user I want to be able to read the technical details about the book, like editor, publishing date, etc.
7. As an administrator I want to be able to publish details about the book or the whole book if copyright permits.
8. As a user I want to be able to browse the list of books the library has, maybe filter the list by some categories like genre, form factor, maybe age groups.
9. As an administrator I want to be able to specify extra information about the books that helps me locate them, like location, genre, form factor, and so on.


The Technical Reasoning

A. Take points 1 & 2 and create a proof of concept / prototype application
	~ starting with point 2 will help us define our basic structure for a book and a library
	~ point 1 will force us to produce a data acquisition / retrieval logic
	~ point 1 will force us to produce a presentations logic
	~ point 1 will force us to produce a search module

B. Take points 3 & 5 and add the functionality to our application
	~ point 3 will force us to define the structure and UI of what we want to see in term of images & pictures of a book
	~ point 5 will force us to write the code that can sustain the introduction of the information needed by point 3

C. Take point 4 and implement it
	~ it will face us with the dilemma of user management
	~ for this application we will only need an administrator user
	~ everyone else will be an ordinary user, no login required

D. Points 6 and 7
	~ they go together and only represent extra information we want to add to our books
	~ they will force us to redesign part of our UI to accommodate the new information
	~ they will force us to change how we persist our information to be able to save and retrieve the extra information

E. Points 8 and 9
	~ similar to D


The Release Plan

Version 1 - points A & C
Version 2 - point B
Version 3 - points D & E